Add note about HVS secret sync (#27285)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/sync/index.mdx

from Vault, it is deleted on the external system as well. This process is asynchronous and event-based. Vault propagates
modifications into the proper destinations automatically in a handful of seconds.

> <Note>
> 
> This page describes the secrets sync feature relative to Vault Enterprise. Refer to the HCP documentation for information on 
> using secrets sync with [HCP Vault Secrets](/hcp/docs/vault-secrets/integrations).
> 
> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="Not related to HCP Vault Secrets">
  Secrets sync is a Vault Enterprise feature. For information on secrets sync
  with [HCP Vault Secrets](/hcp/docs/vault-secrets), refer to the HashiCorp Cloud
  Platform documentation for
  [Vault Secrets integrations](/hcp/docs/vault-secrets/integrations).

</Note>
```
